adding docs on flow.visualuze() (#10416)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/flows.md

```
</div>

> ## Visualizing Flow Structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Visualizing Flow Structure <span class="badge experimental"></span>
```

> You can get a quick sense of the structure of your flow using the `.visualize()` method on your flow. Calling this method will attempt to produce a schematic diagram of your flow and tasks without actually running your flow code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can get a quick sense of the structure of your flow using the `.visualize()` method. Calling this method will attempt to produce a schematic diagram of your flow and tasks without actually running your flow code.
```

> 

Reviewer: note that it does run your code if it's not in a task or flow

```python
from prefect import flow, task

@task(name="Print Hello")
def print_hello(name):
    msg = f"Hello {name}!"
    print(msg)
    return msg

@task(name="Print Hello Again")
def print_hello_again(name):
    msg = f"Hello {name}!"
    print(msg)
    return msg

@flow(name="Hello Flow")
def hello_world(name="world"):
    message = print_hello(name)
    message = print_hello_again(name)

hello_world("Marvin").visualize()
```

image

In some cases, such as dynamic workflows with loops or if/else control flow, Prefect is unable to automatically produce a schematic. In this case, you can provide tasks with mock return values for use in the `visualize()` call.

```python
from prefect import task, flow

> @task(vis_return_value=["123a","456b", "789c"]) # necessary to produce a schematic without actually running the flow code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@task(viz_return_value=["123a","456b", "789c"]) # necessary to produce a schematic without actually running the flow code
```

> In some cases, such as dynamic workflows with loops or if/else control flow, Prefect is unable to automatically produce a schematic. In this case, you can provide tasks with mock return values for use in the `visualize()` call.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prefect cannot automatically produce a schematic for dynamic workflows, such as those with loops or if/else control flow. In this case, you can provide tasks with mock return values for use in the `visualize()` call.
```
